#summary Rate Limits
#sidebar TOC

= Usage Terms =

The Otter API is provided free-of-charge to the Internet community.  We ask for two things: 

1. ... link back to Topsy with the following "Powered by Topsy" logo: 

 [http://topsy.com/ http://corp.topsy.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/powered_v3_92.png]

2. ... allow us to say that you use Topsy.  In legal speak, we ask that you agree to grant Topsy a non-exclusive, royalty-free, license to use your trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names in presentations, marketing materials, customer lists and press releases.

= Rate Limit =

The Otter API uses a credit allocation system to ensure fair 
distribution of capacity and support multiple tiers of usage, both free and commercial. The allocation scheme will allow for:

1. 3000 queries per day for free IP based credit limits
2. 7000 queries per day for free API based credits with an API key ( requires a simple sign-up via our API key sign-up interface http://manage.topsy.com/app )
3. Commercial grade API based limits for larger volumes.  If your app requires larger volumes and you wish to get commercial access now, please send us a note at api@topsy.com. 

 You can check the status of your queries with the 
following call:

{{{
http://otter.topsy.com/credit.json
}}}

In addition, each request contains rate limit information in the HTTP response headers.

|| *HTTP Header*            || *Description ||
|| `X-RateLimit-Limit`      || Total credits that can be allocated. ||
|| `X-RateLimit-Remaining`  || Total credits available. ||
|| `X-RateLimit-Reset`      || Timestamp (unix epoch) for when the credits will be reset. ||

== Cost of API calls ==

Unless otherwise noted, an API call deducts 1 credit from your allocation.  Search based API calls (/search, /searchcount, /authorsearch, /profilesearch) have a significantly higher computational cost on our backend, and deduct 10 credits per call.

=== Example HTTP Response Headers ===

{{{
X-RateLimit-Limit: 10000
X-RateLimit-Remaining: 2498
X-RateLimit-Reset: 1250791200
}}}

= Paging Limits =

All calls that take [ResListParameters list parameters] limit `perpage` to 100 and `page` to 15. This gives you access to top 1500 items on any list.

= Client Identification =

We request that you identify your application or service via the `User-Agent` HTTP header. This value should be the url to your service or application. This is not mandatory, but when under heavy load, we will give preference to clients that identify themselves. It is also possible to identify via `X-Topsy-UA` HTTP header, if modifying the `User-Agent` header is not possible.

= Higher grade access = 

We support commercial, higher grade access large-scale applications.  If you need this, please [Contact contact us].