== /top ==

*Description:* A feed of Top 100, 1K, 5K and 20K links, photos, tweets & videos posted on Twitter everyday.

*URL Format:* `http://otter.topsy.com/toplinks.json?query=parameters`

=== Parameters: ===

|| *Name*   || *Required* || *Description* ||
|| thresh   || required   || top100, top1k, top5k, top20k ||
|| type     || optional   || defaults to everything. Other values: image, video, tweet ||
|| allow_lang || optional || defaults to all.  Other values:  en, ja, kr, de, pt, es, th, fr ||

This method returns a feed of Top 100, or 1K (1000), 5K (5000), 20K (20,000) items posted on Twitter everyday.  The list is computed using a predictive algorithm, which dynamically adjusts ranking criteria to determine the threshold number of items everyday.  You can select a particular threshold with the `thresh` parameter. 
When `type` is not specified, the list includes all types of items.  There are independent lists for type image, video and tweet, that can be accessed with the `type` parameter.

Several langauges are supported by /top, described in the table above.


=== Example: ===

Fetch only the search result counts in json format for a query of "Barack Obama".

{{{
$ curl -i "http://otter.topsy.com/toplinks.json?thresh=top100&type=tweet&allow_lang=en"

HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Cache-Control: max-age=5
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
Expires: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 01:39:58 GMT
Last-Modified: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 01:39:53 GMT
Server: lighttpd/1.4.26
Content-Length: 8301
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2011 01:39:54 GMT
X-Varnish: 1080167745
Age: 0
Via: 1.1 varnish
X-Served-By: ps163
X-Cache: MISS
Connection: close

{"request":{"parameters":{"allow_lang":"en","thresh":"top100","type":"tweet"},"response_type":"json","resource":"toplinks","url":"http://otter.topsy.com/toplinks.json?allow_lang=en&thresh=top100&type=tweet"},"response":{"page":1,"total":500,"perpage":10,"last_offset":15,"hidden":1,"thresh":"top100","list":[{"author_url":"http://twitter.com/impolitical","author_img":"http://a0.twimg.com/profile_images/653297476/Twitter_avatar_grn_normal.jpg","date":1300843992,"content":"RT @impolitical: Hebert: Budget &quot;was not designed to restore peace in the 40th Parliament.&quot; http://ow.ly/4kcb2 #cdnpoli","date_alpha":"7 minutes ago","target":{"topsy_trackback_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter.com/impolitical/status/50330927347404802?utm_source=otter","mytype":"tweet","url":"http://twitter.com/impolitical/status/50330927347404802","title":"Hebert: Budget &quot;was not designed to restore peace in the 40th Parliament.&quot; http://ow.ly/4kcb2 #cdnpoli","trackback_total":6},"author_nick":"impolitical","firstpost_date":1300834843,"topsy_author_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter/impolitical?utm_source=otter"},{"author_url":"http://twitter.com/phunt","author_img":"http://a1.twimg.com/profile_images/80884383/phunt3_normal.jpg","date":1300843727,"content":"RT @phunt: Wow, netflix is down, HARD. http://www.netflix.com/ (amazon?)","date_alpha":"11 minutes ago","target":{"topsy_trackback_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter.com/phunt/status/50365357394898944?utm_source=otter","mytype":"tweet","url":"http://twitter.com/phunt/status/50365357394898944","title":"Wow, netflix is down, HARD. http://www.netflix.com/ (amazon?)","trackback_total":50},"author_nick":"phunt","firstpost_date":1300843039,"topsy_author_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter/phunt?utm_source=otter"},{"author_url":"http://twitter.com/natgeosociety","author_img":"http://a2.twimg.com/profile_images/1174016647/ng_rectangle_normal.jpg","date":1300843601,"content":"RT @NatGeoSociety: First North Pole Ozone Hole Forming? http://on.natgeo.com/ij37YG #environment #science","date_alpha":"13 minutes ago","target":{"topsy_trackback_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter.com/natgeosociety/status/50310462901985280?utm_source=otter","mytype":"tweet","url":"http://twitter.com/natgeosociety/status/50310462901985280","title":"First North Pole Ozone Hole Forming? http://on.natgeo.com/ij37YG #environment #science","trackback_total":97},"author_nick":"natgeosociety","firstpost_date":1300829930,"topsy_author_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter/natgeosociety?utm_source=otter"},{"author_url":"http://twitter.com/chicagobulls","author_img":"http://a3.twimg.com/profile_images/894323778/bulls_logo_normal.jpg","date":1300843554,"content":"RT @chicagobulls: Halftime. Unsure how to explain the first 24 mins. Bulls lead 72-43 shooting 74%, sharing the ball, playing w/ energy. Deng/Rose 20pts. WOW!","date_alpha":"14 minutes ago","target":{"topsy_trackback_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter.com/chicagobulls/status/50364996290494464?utm_source=otter","mytype":"tweet","url":"http://twitter.com/chicagobulls/status/50364996290494464","title":"Halftime. Unsure how to explain the first 24 mins. Bulls lead 72-43 shooting 74%, sharing the ball, playing w/ energy. Deng/Rose 20pts. WOW!","trackback_total":229},"author_nick":"chicagobulls","firstpost_date":1300842931,"topsy_author_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter/chicagobulls?utm_source=otter"},{"author_url":"http://twitter.com/foxnewspolitics","author_img":"http://a0.twimg.com/profile_images/1281625208/av-foxnewspolitics_normal.jpg","date":1300843547,"content":"RT @foxnewspolitics: Obama Could Face Legal Limits to Military Effort in Libya if Intervention Drags On http://fxn.ws/hAAxgw","date_alpha":"14 minutes ago","target":{"topsy_trackback_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter.com/foxnewspolitics/status/50366209551638528?utm_source=otter","mytype":"tweet","url":"http://twitter.com/foxnewspolitics/status/50366209551638528","title":"Obama Could Face Legal Limits to Military Effort in Libya if Intervention Drags On http://fxn.ws/hAAxgw","trackback_total":4},"author_nick":"foxnewspolitics","firstpost_date":1300843357,"topsy_author_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter/foxnewspolitics?utm_source=otter"},{"author_url":"http://twitter.com/libartsandminds","author_img":"http://a2.twimg.com/profile_images/622299055/karen_and_steve_1__cropped_normal.jpg","date":1300843531,"content":"RT @LibArtsAndMinds: RT @RalphGoodale: Twisted priorities - Cons wasted more on 1 day of G20 binging than they will invest in seniors #bdgt11 #cdnpoli","date_alpha":"14 minutes ago","target":{"topsy_trackback_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter.com/libartsandminds/status/50333779558019072?utm_source=otter","mytype":"tweet","url":"http://twitter.com/libartsandminds/status/50333779558019072","title":"RT @RalphGoodale: Twisted priorities - Cons wasted more on 1 day of G20 binging than they will invest in seniors #bdgt11 #cdnpoli","trackback_total":4},"author_nick":"libartsandminds","firstpost_date":1300835651,"topsy_author_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter/libartsandminds?utm_source=otter"},{"author_url":"http://twitter.com/pixeljamgames","author_img":"http://a2.twimg.com/profile_images/311113241/pjTwitterGmRobo02_normal.gif","date":1300843496,"content":"RT @pixeljamgames: Dino Run SE is OUT!!!  Put on your raptor feet and run for your life...  http://bit.ly/gv3dbN","date_alpha":"15 minutes ago","target":{"topsy_trackback_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter.com/pixeljamgames/status/50352677762248704?utm_source=otter","mytype":"tweet","url":"http://twitter.com/pixeljamgames/status/50352677762248704","title":"Dino Run SE is OUT!!!  Put on your raptor feet and run for your life...  http://bit.ly/gv3dbN","trackback_total":22},"author_nick":"pixeljamgames","firstpost_date":1300840017,"topsy_author_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter/pixeljamgames?utm_source=otter"},{"author_url":"http://twitter.com/martinfowler","author_img":"http://a0.twimg.com/profile_images/79787739/mf-tg-sq_normal.jpg","date":1300843480,"content":"RT @martinfowler: Excellent counter-argument to agile nihilism from @jimhighsmith : http://drdobbs.com/architecture-and-design/229301126","date_alpha":"15 minutes ago","target":{"topsy_trackback_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter.com/martinfowler/status/50326025376239617?utm_source=otter","mytype":"tweet","url":"http://twitter.com/martinfowler/status/50326025376239617","title":"Excellent counter-argument to agile nihilism from @jimhighsmith : http://drdobbs.com/architecture-and-design/229301126","trackback_total":19},"author_nick":"martinfowler","firstpost_date":1300833758,"topsy_author_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter/martinfowler?utm_source=otter"},{"author_url":"http://twitter.com/iowahawkblog","author_img":"http://a3.twimg.com/profile_images/1168478910/ih081112_big_normal.jpg","date":1300843451,"content":"RT @iowahawkblog: Tax law for elected Dems is like the law of gravity for Wile E. Coyote. It doesn&#39;t apply until you are made aware of it.","date_alpha":"16 minutes ago","target":{"topsy_trackback_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter.com/iowahawkblog/status/50299531019038720?utm_source=otter","mytype":"tweet","url":"http://twitter.com/iowahawkblog/status/50299531019038720","title":"Tax law for elected Dems is like the law of gravity for Wile E. Coyote. It doesn&#39;t apply until you are made aware of it.","trackback_total":39},"author_nick":"iowahawkblog","firstpost_date":1300827338,"topsy_author_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter/iowahawkblog?utm_source=otter"},{"author_url":"http://twitter.com/gregmitch","author_img":"http://a1.twimg.com/profile_images/853560224/Img2690c_normal.jpg","date":1300843268,"content":"RT @GregMitch: If there had been a WikiLeaks in 1946, and they leaked footage my friend shot in A-bomb cities, it might have changed course of history.","date_alpha":"19 minutes ago","target":{"topsy_trackback_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter.com/gregmitch/status/50363993465954305?utm_source=otter","mytype":"tweet","url":"http://twitter.com/gregmitch/status/50363993465954305","title":"If there had been a WikiLeaks in 1946, and they leaked footage my friend shot in A-bomb cities, it might have changed course of history.","trackback_total":18},"author_nick":"gregmitch","firstpost_date":1300842718,"topsy_author_url":"http://topsy.com/twitter/gregmitch?utm_source=otter"}],"offset":0}}

}}}
