#summary Applications, libraries and tools that use the Otter API

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= Libraries =

== python-otter ==

A python client library to the Topsy Otter API.

Source: http://otterapi.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/

Releases: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-otter/

== erlang-otter ==

Requires mochijson2.erl and mochiweb_util.erl from http://mochiweb.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/src/

http://cornsyrup.org/~jason/otter.erl

== Net::Topsy ==

A perl module that implements a client interface to the Topsy Otter API. 

http://search.cpan.org/dist/Net-Topsy/

== Ruby Gems == 

=== Ruby Gem for Otter by Ernesto Tagwerker ===

http://etagwerker.github.com/rtopsy

=== Ruby Gem for Otter by Jeff Smick ===

http://gemcutter.org/gems/otter-rb

=== Ruby Gem for Otter by Ernesto Tagwerker and Wynn Netherland ===

http://gemcutter.org/gems/topsy

= Apps =

== Topsy Retweet Button ==

The Topsy plugin for Wordpress allows you to add a Twitter retweet and trackback button to your blog as well as enable tweets about your posts as comments, all powered by Topsy's comprehensive, real-time index. 

http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/topsy/

This version of the button can be embedded on any page by adding the Javascript code shown below.

http://labs.topsy.com/widgets/retweet-button/

== Wordpress Widget by Vasileios Kerasiotis ==

Wordpress development tutorial for an Otter based widget that supports /linkposts, /authorinfo, /authorsearch, /related, and /search. 

http://jeez.eu/2009/12/02/creating-a-useful-wordpress-widget-using-topsy/

== Topsy Widgets by Mike More ==

Highly customizable Twitter trackbacks Javascript/jQuery widget to integrate tweets that mention your post into your blog. Each tweet comes with reply & retweet links to get more readers engaged in the conversation.

http://www.moretechtips.net/2009/11/twitter-trackbacks-widget-jquery-plugin.html

Mike created another cool remix of the Topsy retweet button that displays the Twitter pictures of the folks that tweeted about your site in the button itself. Check out the code and the demos below!

Code: http://www.moretechtips.net/2009/12/who-tweet-button-fancy-jquery-plugin.html

Demo1: http://who-tweet-button.googlecode.com/svn/v1/demo1.htm

Demo2: http://who-tweet-button.googlecode.com/svn/v1/demo2.htm

== Topsy Retweet Button integration in Twoolbar ==

Twoolbar has integrated Topsy Retweet Button support into their browser plugin. 

http://twoolbar.blogspot.com/

== Twitter Pulse Chrome extension by Michael Benezra == 

The Twitter Pulse Chrome extension displays the most retweeted URLs in the current domain allowing the user to discover hot spots in their favorite blogs and news sites.

https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/biakjffhfkpgngkaojmmeomahknpnkoe.